we are very happy to celebrate this
first national day of struggle against
homophobia diversity itself is very
difficult for all I think so, because
the university not nothing more sexual
yes
and
realistic
and yesterday is the place that is there that is
called 'fandi' every Sunday at
10 o'clock at night is a servant
I wish I could decorate the
place with his first time I felt the
vera or my life
but good now we want to present to the
artist who follows that he does not do as I should
do
since yesterday
and deleted
the protectors of them on page one
Strong applause
Savior Núñez has been a pleasure and a
privilege to share not only this
scenario share life with you ibex
by bitch now you can not talk
this has been an arduous work of many
channel organizations that and
organizations are in the circuit of
diversity for all
that is done
I waited like snow for the sun
I expected it to come, it's me
Of course, how beautiful is the weather
and we want to invite you also to a
new social network lg in which all
we want more dot com can download
the application and after finishing with
this commercial exactly thank you
of course all the people je channel
that has been careful to make this event
really thank you very much because I
this type is needed from the
Recreation for people like
we three ideas are the ones that
I want to share from the board to
prevent and eliminate discrimination
for many years this society was
terribly wrong I considered that
homosexuality was a risk to the
society attacked it constantly it
he told us that we had to go to the psychologist
I had to go to a psychiatrist
good confession or a good reception
I could remove being homosexual
the center of the earth today are
or
not leaving
I listen to her